dasharo-compatibility/31U-heads-bootloader-support.md: add new test cases related to GPG keys (#386)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified-test-documentation/dasharo-compatibility/31U-heads-bootloader-support.md

## HDS010.001 OEM Factory Reset

**Test description**

This test aims to verify that the `OEM Factory Reset / Re-Ownership -->` option
in the `HEADS Options` submenu is available and works correctly.

**Test configuration data**

1. `FIRMWARE` = Dasharo
1. `USB Security Dongle`
1. Previously installed OS

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the
    [Test cases common documentation](#test-cases-common-documentation) section.

**Test steps**

1. Plug the `USB Security Dongle` into DUT.
1. Power on the DUT.
1. Wait for the `Default boot menu` appears.
1. Select the `Continue to the main menu` option using the arrow keys and Enter.
1. Select the `Options -->` option in the `Heads boot menu`.
1. Select the `OEM Factory Reset / Re-Ownership -->` option in the
   `HEADS Options` submenu.
1. Choose `<Continue>` in the displayed `OEM Factory Reset / Re-Ownership`
   window using the arrow keys and Enter.
1. Go through the installation process by answering the questions.

   > Answers don't affect GPG key generations

1. Note the results.

**Expected result**

1. The `Provisioned Security Components Secrets` should be displayed at the end
   of the installation.

> 1. The new GPG keys are on the `USB Security Dongle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The new GPG keys should be placed on the `USB Security Dongle`.
```

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the
    [Test cases common documentation](#test-cases-common-documentation) section.

**Test steps**

1. Plug the `USB storage` into DUT.
1. Power on the DUT.
1. Wait for the `Default boot menu` appears.
1. Select the `Continue to the main menu` option using the arrow keys and Enter.
1. Select the `Options -->` option in the `Heads boot menu`.
1. Select the `GPG Options -->` option in the `HEADS Options` submenu.
1. Select the `Add GPG key to standalone BIOS image and flash` option in the
   `GPG Management Menu`.
1. Choose `<Yes>` in the displayed `GPG public key required` window using the
   arrow keys and Enter.
1. Choose GPG public key from the `USB storage` and press Enter.
1. Choose BIOS image(*.rom) from the `USB storage` and press Enter.
1. Choose `<Yes>` in the displayed `Flash ROM?` window using the arrow keys and
   Enter.
1. Select the `Options -->` option in the `Heads boot menu`.
1. Select the `GPG Options -->` option in the `HEADS Options` submenu.
1. Select the `List GPG keys in your keyring` option in the
   `GPG Management Menu`.
1. Note the results.

**Expected result**

> The `GPG Keyring` window should contain information about the given GPG key.

Reviewer: I think, that in this place we should add some `Expected result`.

Author: Added
